19.0.0 (#626)
MetaMask/controllers: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [19.0.0]
### Changed
- **BREAKING**: Split AssetsDetectionController into CollectiblesDetectionController and TokenDetectionController ([#619](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/619))
  - Consumers of the AssetsDetectionController will have to now import both TokenDetectionController and CollectibleDetectionController and split up the calling of any methods accordingly.

> - Update the conversionDate return value to `null` if fetching the data fails.

Reviewer: We should reference the PR number here as well:
```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: Set the `conversionDate` to `null` if fetching the data fails. (#621 )
```

Also suggested an alternate wording, and marked it as "breaking".

> - **BREAKING**: Set the `conversionDate` to `null` if fetching the data fails. (#621)

Reviewer: Sorry for the back and forth :sweat_smile:  One more suggestion:

```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: Set the `CurrencyRateController` property `conversionDate` to `null` if fetching the data fails. (#621)
  - Consumers of the `CurrencyRateController` will need to ensure their code anticipates that `conversionDate` will sometimes be set to `null`.
```

I noticed after re-reading that I wasn't following our guideline of offering migration instructions for each breaking change.

Reviewer 2: Don't worry, thanks for the feedback!
